Add a quickstart tutorial (#103)
cruise-automation/webviz: docs/src/3.4.MouseEvents.mdx

## Other

> `onClick` events don't fire if the user moved the cursor for more than 3 screen pixels between mouse down and mouse up. This helps implement certain behaviors such as panning around worldview without firing `onClick` event.

Reviewer: Should be "moves the"

> `onClick` events don't fire if the user moves the cursor for more than 3 screen pixels between mouse down and mouse up. This helps implement certain behaviors such as panning around worldview without firing `onClick` event.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`onClick` events don't fire if the user moves the cursor for more than 3 screen pixels between mouse down and mouse up. This ensures that dragging the mouse to pan the Worldview camera doesn't also trigger an `onClick` event.
```
